[LOGO SOUND]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> In 1969, people all
around the world were staring
at the television to see
if man would actually walk
on the surface of the moon.
The floodgates opened for
science fiction fantasies,
and more humans started
to believe that life out
there was actually possible.
The search for any evidence
of life beyond Earth
began growing rapidly.
UFO sightings were
becoming more common,
and mysterious
government programs
were being created to study
the unidentified flying
objects seen by so many.
Along with these strange
events in the sky,
more channels began opening,
bringing powerful messages
from other star systems.
>> As the first
contact specialist,
one of the techniques that is
common to my kind is to always
experience a life in the
civilization we are eventually
going to contact so
we will understand it.
That's the only way we would be
able to have a translation that
makes sense to you.
It's got to come through someone
in your civilization that
is a representation of some
extension of our over soul
so that we can draw
upon that information
and those experiences
to allow our information
to make sense to you.
Otherwise, we would be
too alien to each other.
When someone begins to learn to
channel in the way that I do,
I'm not really sure it's all
that important to differentiate
who it is you're connecting to.
As long as you are staying
in a positive state,
you know you're bringing
something through
to help people, what difference
does it really make at first?
It could be a spirit guide.
It could be another
dimensional being.
It could be your
own higher mind.
It could be another aspect
of your own consciousness.
The point is not really so
much to focus on who it is
but what's coming through.
Is what's coming through
positive, constructive,
helpful, or is it controlling,
ego-driven, or something
like that, which is usually the
channel's own issues getting
in the way and filtering
the information.
But that's OK.
It takes practice to
learn the difference,
and that's actually
the way it unfolds
is when you get more
practiced at it,
if it's important for you to
know where that's coming from,
you will usually figure it
out or it will tell you.
>> When you look at channelers
from around the world and even
in our study, many of them
believe that the sources are
not from Earth, that they're
what they call offworld ally
or extraterrestrial
intelligences.
And the story is that these
beings are beneficent beings
who really want to help
humanity in this incredibly
pivotal transitional
time, and that what
we're going through right now is
actually this push to awakening
and enlightenment for humanity.
And you see this
over and over again.
And when you're
in these sessions,
hearing all this
information, all this content
about these offworld
allies, I think
it's very arrogant to think that
we're alone in this universe.
And so, personally, I
leave space for the reality
that that could be true.
And I don't think
that a spaceship
is going to show up on
the White House lawn
and shake hands
with the president.
[LAUGHS] If there are offworld
allies really out there,
that they're smart
enough to know that that
would create a crazy frenzy.
And yet, you hear
many, many anecdotes
about people who
are having contact
experiences in a variety
of different ways
around the planet.
And maybe if it is
going to happen,
it will be this
bottom-up grassroots wave
of transformation
where people just
then accept we're
not alone, and here's
how it's showing up for us.
>> In the 1960s, while attending
the University of Louisville
in Kentucky, Carla L. Rueckert
joined an experimental
channeling group that was
being led by physics professor
and paranormal
researcher Don Elkins.
In the early 1970s,
she partnered with Don
to form LL Company
which eventually became
LL Research dedicated
to further their studies
into paranormal activity.
In December of 1980,
researcher Jim McCarty
joined forces with
Carla and Don.
Three weeks later,
the Ra contact began.
>> I am Ra.
I have not spoken
through this instrument.
We had to wait until she
was precisely tuned as we
send a narrow band vibration.
We greet you and the
love and in the light
of our infinite creator.
>> The Law of One or the Ra
material is a channel text that
came through in the early 1980s
from a group of UFO researchers
who had been spending the
better part of over a decade
researching the phenomenon of
UFOs and extraterrestrials,
which at that time
was very active.
And this group of
about 12 people
somehow came to the
conclusion, very rightly,
that if we want to really know
or understand these beings that
are appearing on
our planet, we need
to be more interested
in their philosophy
and their spirituality
than their science
and their technology.
And so Don Elkins
came up with the idea
of using the art of channeling
as a means of communication,
that these beings,
whatever they are,
they must be able to
communicate through thought.
And it was many,
many years later
after working with Don Elkins
and Jim McCarty in this group
that she was actually trying
to help teach a student how
to channel one evening.
And while she was teaching
how to get into the channeling
state, a contact came through.
And it identified
itself as a being
named Ra of a sixth density
social memory complex
to which they didn't really
have an understanding of what
that meant at the time.
>> I greet you in the love
and the light of our infinite
creator.
I am with this mind,
body, spirit complex,
which has offered
itself for a channel.
I communicate with you.
>> So over the course
of the next four years,
from 1981 to 1984, they began
doing 106 sessions over that
time period of the Ra material,
channeling this entity named
Ra, in a question
and answer format.
And this was one of the
imperatives of this channeling
work was that this entity
said we are beings who
honor free will, so we're not
here to just preach to you
and just give you information.
But we want to have
a dialogue with you.
So you can question us.
And if we deem it's not a
violation of your free will
to know something, we'll
give you our answer.
But we're not going to speak
with you in any other format.
And this was a really important
part of the Law of One material
because Don,
essentially, takes Ra
through a series of over 2,000
question and answer of what
is the nature of
the universe, what
is the nature of the
soul's evolution,
reincarnation, the metaphysics
of energy, and so forth.
And Ra gives the
most profound answers
that I believe has ever come
through a channeled work
before.
And so that's really what
allows, I think, the Law of One
to stand apart from
all other channel texts
is that it was done
in this group format
that Ra says also just having
other people there also
brought in more strength for the
contact itself to come through.
>> --of a reception of our being
is a somewhat more advanced
feat than some of the more
broad vibration channels opened
by other members for more
introductory and intermediate
work.
>> When we get into channeling
beings of higher densities,
the process of channeling
becomes very nuanced
and delicate, because depending
on the level of density
of the entity we're contacting,
it requires different degrees
of lucidity or trance, perhaps.
So, for example, beings
of higher densities,
like sixth density,
require a very narrow band
of channeling that requires one
to really be in a trance state.
And this is the
state Carla had to be
in for the Law of One sessions.
Whereas, a lower density
being like a fourth density
entity, which is people who can
channel while they're on stage
giving a talk, they can
connect with those beings,
because really in
a non-trance state,
we're receiving information
intuitively, feeling
impressions and information
that we can condense
through our own language.
So there's kind of a
relationship between the entity
being channeled and the
channeler in that the entity is
allowing the channeler to
paraphrase for them what
the essence of what
they're trying to say,
but it isn't necessarily a
word-for-word communication.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
My whole body behaves like
if I am the same vibration,
the same frequency.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
Feels like if I am a radio
that can change the frequencies
and choose which
frequency to expand.
Sometimes they
really are inside,
and it feels really different.
And it's really tiring
when that happens
because it takes
a lot of strength
for you to use your
chakras and you
have to relocate all the energy
of yourself with other ones.
So that's very tiring
and exhausting.
But most of the times, it's
just, like, frequencies.
So it's not tiring.
It's just like
letting it go through.
>> In the early 1990s, Barbara
Marciniak released her powerful
book "Bringers of the Dawn."
This incredible
work was compiled
using her channeled messages
from a group of beings
known as the Pleiadians.
>> I think most important--
and this is what the Pleiadians
have taught me over the
years, and the Pleiadians are,
of course, the entities or
energies that I channel--
that we have to really
make peace with our self,
our physical form, and
the consciousness that
occupies that physical form.
So bottom line, they
always say, number one,
in order to go forward,
you have to love yourself.
>> I think Barbara Marciniak
is one of our premiere oracles
on the planet and
thank goddess for her.
Her work "Bringers
of the Dawn" meant
so much to people,
and that concept,
that Pleiadian
concept of the Earth
as the living library of DNA
and beings and is precious.
So I'm very grateful for her.
>> And as the
Pleiadians would say,
you're really here to enjoy
the body, create an experience,
love.
They say that's what
we all come for.
We come for love.
And we come to contribute
to the creativity of each
of our perceptions
and what we make--
we add to the creativity
of the multiverse.
And we're really here to heal.
This is what this time is about.
We're healing ourselves.
We're healing our ancestors.
And by healing and eradicating
this unnecessary fear,
I feel, personally, that
it qualifies us then
to meet other beings.
It's that until any
initiation, you meet your fear.
And you can't get to the
other side to those higher
frequencies until you
move through your fear.
>> In this influential book, the
Pleiadians refer to the Earth
as a living library
in a free will zone.
But what does free
will actually mean?
>> It is part of our training,
as first contact specialists,
that we do not intervene or
interfere in certain aspects
of other civilizations but
let them have the free will
to discover things
in their own timing.
We cannot intervene or interfere
with something that is a part
of your path that it is not
appropriate for us to do.
So we scan the collective
energy, not only of you
as a person or
whoever we are talking
with, but of the collective
consciousness as well,
simultaneously, to find out what
parts of information you see
can be delivered
to you by us, what
parts may need to come
from other sources
as a more appropriate delivery
system, what parts are not
appropriate in timing for you
to know right now according
to your own choices--
in other words, not
spoiling your surprises,
not opening your Christmas
presents for you, so to speak.
So the idea is a multitasking,
multi-dimensional awareness
of what is and isn't
appropriate for the timing
of the conversation to deliver
to any particular individual.
>> We tend to think free will
is our egoic day-to-day self
saying, yes, I want to do this.
No, I don't want to do that.
But a free will also extends
to our energetic levels
and our energetic states.
So sometimes we
don't know that we
are being open to let's say
attack or attachment because it
is still our free will
to say, I need this.
Like, if you are
working with entities
that have addictive traits or
addictive qualities to you,
they'll whisper into your mind.
For want of a better word,
it's not necessarily words,
but it's nudges.
It's urges.
They'll whisper this little
poke into you saying, hey,
isn't it a good
idea to go do that.
And then your free will can
say, yes, sure, why not?
Because it feels right
or it feels good.
And, again, that's
your free will.
But that moment when
you feel something
has crossed that line,
crossed that boundary,
you could say no.
We're not working
together anymore.
No matter what kind
of being you're
working with, a lower-level
entity, higher-level being,
they can actually never
violate your free will.
>> Free will means that every
time you open your mouth,
you are casting a spell.
Words and your thoughts
and your reactions
are deciding where energy goes.
So if I say, I
really feel like life
is really difficult for
me, then that energy
belongs to a spirit who
is here to suppress.
So that spirit will come and
then support me in my free will
by the words that I've said and
start suppressing me and making
whatever I say real because
the purpose of creation
is to be able to experience
all levels of creation.
That means that there is no
good or bad, I prefer to say.
It is based on how
can we serve you.
But then you say,
I change my mind.
Life isn't hard.
Life is getting better
for me and my ancestors
are supporting me.
Then the ancestors come in
and they start supporting you.
Then you say I really am afraid
of what I'm stepping into.
Now a spirit of fear comes
and starts supporting you.
And that's why I
always tell people,
so you think free will means
that you can go and buy
an ice cream cone, or you can go
and run down the street naked,
or you can do whatever it
is that you want to do.
That's just your
choice to do it.
That's not free will.
Free will means that whatever
you do, spirit supports.
>> We would not usurp the free
will of the human experience
because every human has a soul.
And the soul has the power.
That's why we say, in
the asking, it is given.
For when you ask,
you're ready to hear
the information asked for or
there would not be an asking.
So the only rules come
from you, the soul.
And we share information
when you're ready for it.
>> Free will and destiny
are side by side.
You could say that
destiny is simply
the free will of the
spirit that chose
a certain theme of exploration,
that chose to experience itself
as the unique you that
you are as a personality.
Free will comes into place
in the physical reality
in terms of how you explore what
it is you chose from the spirit
level.
So you could say that the
destiny is the hallway that you
as a spirit chose to explore.
Free will, in physical
terms, is how you
choose to explore that hallway.
You can run.
You can walk.
You can jump.
You can fly.
You can go forwards, backwards,
side to side, happy, sad,
look in every door down the
hallway or ignore them all.
But walk down that
hallway you will,
because you are the hallway.
You are a unique path, a unique
reflection of all that is.
That is your destiny
is to be you.
How you be you is up
to your free will.
>> There are a few takehomes
from the Mount Shasta
channeling study.
One was this process of doing
channeling in a group, which
I think is incredibly valuable.
And as a science institution,
we don't come out
and say, hey, 21
different beings
were channeled through these
channelers and this is true
and this is what they said.
We really try to have a
neutral sense of equanimity
about the results
that we're presenting
and allow people to make their
own decision about whether it's
real or not real.
The subjective phenomenon
of these channelers
bringing this information forth
is incredibly real to them.
It is tangibly different.
It's visually different.
The piece that we can't
be definitive about
is whether that being really
is a being from the Pleiades
or from Sirius or from wherever
they-- or an ascended master,
or an archangel, or whoever
the beings say they are.
We can't prove that
through our science.
If you ask the channelers,
they'll say, yeah, of course,
it is, and here's how it works
and et cetera, et cetera.
And I value their belief
and worldview around that.
But from a scientific
perspective,
we can't show that.
I can't wait until we can.
>> It's not important at all
for people to believe that
I'm channeling an alien being.
It could be an aspect
of my own consciousness.
I have no way of proving
that Bashar is real.
So the message is far more
important than the messenger,
and Bashar knows that.
It's one of the
reasons why he has said
they stay in the background.
They don't want people to
necessarily focus on, oh, this
is an alien.
It's an ET because we tend
to think of that as greater
than ourselves and
he's saying it's not.
So it's really more
about what does
the information do to
improve our lives, to help us
understand more of who we are.
That's really the point of it.
And to grow in that
knowledge without really
focusing on the idea of
exactly where it's coming from.
Because if you know
that something positive
is happening, at the beginning
at least that's enough.
>> Over my life, I've
communicated with,
received guidance from,
wisdom teachings from,
much love from so many
multidimensional intelligences.
And I've had many
experiences actually
of communicating with
extraterrestrial intelligences.
So the question was, do
those extraterrestrials
who are communicating
with us, or potentially
communicating with
us, have anything
to share with us how they might
have gone that path themselves
and survived it?
And immediately that
inner question was asked,
I received back this message.
We came to understand,
experience,
and embody unity awareness.
In other words, they were able
somehow to remember wholeness,
to remember the
nature of reality
as being inseparable of its
unity expressed as diversity
rather than as separate.
They remembered the
reality of love.
>> Right now, our planet
is in a very critical place
of our evolution that we are
clearly being visited by beings
from other worlds and we see
them in our skies on a daily
basis.
And it's at the
point now where even
the government has acknowledged
that this phenomenon is true.
But the question
is, why aren't they
landing on the front
lawn of the White House
and speaking to
all of us openly?
And this really gets into
the aspect of free will.
That beings of the
positive polarity
are not going to come down
here and interact with us
and communicate with us, until
we, of our own free will,
collectively acknowledge
them and say we're not
afraid of you, we know you're
here to be of service to us,
and we want to have a
relationship with you.
And then, and only then, will
they honor that free will
and have communication
with us openly.
So I think channeling is this
amazing way that humanity
can begin reaching
out to the cosmos
and exercising our
free will to usher
in this new age of
extraterrestrial communication.
I think that as
more people develop
the ability to
channel and to bring
in higher consciousness
to the planet,
we will see more texts
like the Law of One that
are undeniably profound
and undeniably authentic,
and perhaps even pockets of
society, different areas who
come together and say we
believe in this phenomenon,
we believe in
extraterrestrials, we're
going to start contacting
on behalf of the human race.
And so I believe that we'll
see these groups appearing
on the planet who are starting
to deliver these incredibly
profound texts and
information that starts
to wake other people up and
get the attention of the world
and say something
truly remarkable
is happening over here.
And the more interest
is gained by people
in this phenomenon of
channeling, the more
that is, in and of itself,
an act of our free will
to acknowledge and invite
in this kind of contact.
And then, and only
then, I think,
will extraterrestrials
actually begin
to interact with us
physically and walk among us.
At this point, I think
there's too much fear around
extraterrestrials.
What are their intentions?
Where do they come from?
Why are they here?
And channeling texts
like the Law of One
can answer those questions
in ways that truly give peace
to humankind that these
beings are not here
with any ill intentions, but,
in fact, quite the opposite.
They are here to usher us into
the next age of our evolution.
>> If there are other energies
permeating your space on Earth,
they have the wisdom and
ability to be here from other
universes, other planets,
however its perceived--
the aliens, if you would.
They're not here
to be malevolent.
They are here in the same
assistance and desire
for expansion for you as a
species and all the species
on this planet.
>> It is not required that
every single human existing
on your planet now needs to
be the kind of person who is
available for open contact.
We will only be
making open contact
with the versions of Earth
that are amenable to it.
There may be many versions
of Earth that are not,
and we will not be making
contact with those.
So the idea now is to
navigate toward the version
that you prefer that might
have open contact by following
the formulas that we
share with all of you.
This is what it's designed
to do, not only open up
your own lives but also
make it more probable
that you match our
frequency more closely
in order to make
it probable for you
to have open contact with us
and other extraterrestrial
civilizations.
There will always be a
need for first contact
with other civilizations.
I have what you might
call job security.
There are millions of untapped
civilizations out there.
I'm not going to run
out any time soon.
>> As more and more messages
arrive from those out there,
the stars shine brightly in our
night sky to remind us that we
have several neighbors nestled
in this majestic galaxy named
Milky Way.
But as the sun rises
and the blue sky
returns to this
beautiful living library,
we are physically reminded of
a unifying message delivered
throughout the ages, that
our thoughts, decisions,
and actions have the
power to create miracles.
>> You make thousands
of decisions every day,
albeit small ones but they're
all decisions, aren't they?
It's just the bigger ones
you lament over and question
rather than paying attention
to what the soul says.
You have evidence in your
life of that being true--
all do.
When a decision has
been made without doubt,
a must in your life,
not knowing how, when,
or where but it must happen,
and then out of the blue,
everything works out.
It's a miracle, yes?
You made a miracle by
decision and allowed
the energy of the quantum
field to do its work.
Out of the blue, we always
like that terminology.
Where do you think blue is?
It's all around you.
[THEME MUSIC]